you
I started writing this series in 1975 it
actually got published first book got
published 1989 I'm trying to just get
them to open up get them to think use
their analytical abilities their their
reasoning anything that is skillful with
the mind if I slip on a banana peel is
that funny if you slip on a banana peel
is that funny what is funny what is
money this is a subject there while who
knows what money is why do people want
to give you money why would somebody
want to give you money yes sir this book
is quite different than other books
because it is not a book that you can
just read to the children and then have
them sit back and relax while you're
waiting for them it is a book that poses
quite serious questions which is
children get excited and get involved it
I love working with the kids you don't
know what's going to come out it's my
brain just go forward so what is serious
books give a perfect place for families
to dialogue that important subjects and
even answer questions that I was
thinking if they're having fun there's a
possibility that
okay they get solid concrete ideas that
they can relate to that helped you over
I will can tell me a story like that do
you like money yeah we like money why do
you like money oh it's perfect for my
industry and I work with children on a
regular basis they deal with subjects
that kids are truly interested in and
questions that only kids have I'm
anxious to get this book too many of the
elementary schools that was just in
Houston prior to that I was in San Diego
for reading in Monterey school
psychologist conference I'll be going to
Washington DC for the book X for America
this summer I'll be going to the tokyo
international book fair to beijing I
think the me in 46 TV orders from a
climate scientist calor en el verano
fond of sientes el amor s1 sentimiento
you